feat(cli, metro-config): environment variable support (#21983)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/config/metro.mdx

See more information about **metro.config.js** in the [customizing Metro guide](/guides/customizing-metro/).

> ## Envrionment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Envrionment variables
```

> > Since SDK 49

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For SDK 49 and above
```

> Environment variables can be loaded using `.env` files. Files are loaded according to the [standard `.env` file resolution](https://github.com/bkeepers/dotenv/blob/c6e583a/README.md#what-other-env-files-can-i-use).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Environment variables can be loaded using **.env** files. These files are loaded according to the [standard **.env** file resolution](https://github.com/bkeepers/dotenv/blob/c6e583a/README.md#what-other-env-files-can-i-use).
```

[Filenames as bold text as per the writing styelguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text)

> If you are migrating an older project to SDK +49, then you should ignore local env files by adding the following to your `.gitignore`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are migrating an older project to SDK 49 or above, then you should ignore local env files by adding the following to your **.gitignore**:
```

```sh .gitignore
# local env files
.env*.local
```

> ### Client Envrionment Variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Client envrionment variables
```

Envrionment variables prefixed with `EXPO_PUBLIC_` will be exposed to the app at build-time. For example, `EXPO_PUBLIC_API_KEY` will be available as `process.env.EXPO_PUBLIC_API_KEY`.

Envrionmnet variables will not be inlined in Node Modules.

For security purposes, client environment variables are inlined in the bundle, this means that `process.env` is not an iterable object and you cannot dynamically access environment variables. Every variable must be explicitly defined, e.g. `process.env.EXPO_PUBLIC_KEY` is valid and `process.env['EXPO_PUBLIC_KEY']` is not.

- Client environment variables should not contain secrets as they will be viewable in plain-text format in the production binary.

> - Use client environment variables for partially protected values like public API keys that you don't want to commit to GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use client environment variables for partially protected values, such as public API keys you don't want to commit to GitHub.
```
